yeah we have a Karasev oh I've been up
doing this this vegan lifestyle yes
since December
you know I'm loving it I'm loving it
getting your life together
yeah I'm doing 90 days so and then I'm
gonna slowly transition back into um
like me maybe like finished probably no
vet transition back black-and-white
video for a black and white issue shout
out to the only vegan ice cream
substitute in China that I know of
this is accidentally vegan this is
basically like a popsicle that's made
out of mushed up rice and sugar water
yeah but now I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
much healthier like me I'm not fully
vegan yet I'm on that road but what I've
been doing is um I had some chicken a
little actually a some some chick-fil-a
now get some um while ago okay
what difference does it make if we eat
one more steak what difference does it
make of a one more pot of yogurt or one
more one more piece of ice cream that's
made out of a cow's tit instead of rice
milk you know people say what difference
does it make the difference that it
makes is you homeboy I'm eating fishes
and you know even the fish is bad you
know I mean because it is [ __ ] that's
going on on the hot a farm and fish
nowadays what I'm doing is I'm trying to
slowly gradually you know get out of it
I'm not fully vegan yet I'm on a road
but transition hey YouTube what's good
my name is Matt and I'm posting this
cosplay wig fixing video today for three
reasons
one based on all the nice facebook
comments I got when I promoted my last
video it seemed like this was an overall
message cosplayers and patrons
desperately need to hear in 2019 - it
gives me extra motivation to knock out a
duo of tasks I have been avoiding and
three it just kind of gives me an
opportunity to really like revisit a lot
of my previous work from a year ago
because this platform may be small but a
lot of still changed for it in a year I
deleted my Sharpie video and the post
about it because someone I talked to
changed my mind
YouTube blocked the admittedly very
highly graphic thumbnail from my virgin
killer sweater video but
in 2019 YouTube likes to do stuff like
that particularly when you're not so
nice about things funny enough if you
look at my current list of intact videos
I think we can actually simplify and
string them all together in a 10 second
soundbite message that kinda sort or
really sounds like this
Weah cruelty-free cosplay we approve
liquitex gorilla glue Doug and Melissa
kiss nail products and LA Colors in fact
the only company that we've outright
condemned on multiple occasions at this
point is got to be short simple sweet
done now on to our feature presentation
I think I can once again Samar's things
pretty quickly when it comes to styling
and fixing cosplay wigs right now as a
still fairly new conscientious cosplayer
I no longer used the classic got to be
free spray spiking gel combo instead I
currently use this la hold hairspray
it's maximum hold hairspray that's a
mouthful from Giovanni's eco-chic
haircare line and this super extra firm
holds spiking gel from the zerrin
haircare brand both of these new
companies have been certified cruelty
free by a reputable outside organization
which means they have made a certain
level of commitment to shipping up
products that will never be tested on
animals at any point both companies make
products that are either stated to all
be vegan which means they are made
without ingredients sourced from animals
or they have released a complete list of
every non vegan product they do make and
both companies are neither owned by a
big bad overreaching parent corporation
nor do they sell their merch in China
and yes that last one is really
important I promise I'll explain got to
be on the other hand is owned by a giant
corporation called Henkel and Hankel
admits after some mild arm twisting I
guess they make the got to be products
cosplayers know and love using
ingredients sourced directly from the
massive systematic killing of animals
Hinkle also admits that they test their
products on animals when required by law
which kind of sounds like it might be
okay at first but nine point nine times
out of ten this really just means that
they want to sell to China because in
2019 China is the most lucrative
cosmetics market on earth and also
virtually the only country whose laws
require that's right require the
cosmetics sold there to be tested on
animals at some point what you know
means mountains of dead bunnies you know
I'm just like an annual basis hey look
Henkel doesn't give two quirks so got to
be pretty much fails in every level this
channel looks into it's unreal insert
replacements now the good news even
though I don't claim to be a wig styling
virtuoso so far from my meet your
cosplay needs the results have been
pretty comparable but I don't actually
have the spiking gel from zerrin right
now I think I left my last bottle in the
hotel room when I went to Otakon Vegas
last year
oops that's too bad because the biggest
downside of these new products I promote
is accessibility I used to buy this
super extra firm hold gel from Amazon
but that seller seems to have run out
and getting it from the Zarin website
directly costs a prettier penny that's a
new wrinkle will off to iron out the LA
hair spritz by Giovanni however can be
found at your local Whole Foods store or
purchase from the Giovanni website at
the same price point which is kind of
nice however unlike the zerrin gel which
comes in a serving size that is
comparable to its evil got to be twin
this hairspray only comes in a 5 ounce
serving bottle where has got to be gives
you that 12 ounce can for the same price
or less the buying value there is like
legend luckily all we really need today
is the hair spritz because for this
first wig we're basically just gonna
heat tame our line with boiling water
which is exactly what it sounds like
simmer simmer boil boil dump dump split
splash then comb it out and repeat until
done easy does it I don't really plan on
wearing this wig anymore because I don't
really plan on cosplaying to get sue
anymore I'd actually like to give it to
someone someone who would use it for a
future cosplay but nothing else to see
here right now except for drying so
let's move on for the second wig other
than this makeshift stabilizing
apparatus of sorts that should never be
made to exist for any other reason at
any time all we really need is the
spritz spray literally there's one step
here light mist all around cover it good
but keep it light that's it one of the
things I really like about this bottle
is that it's a pump spray bottle got to
be gives you this giant aerosol can
instead that contains nasty stuff like
hydro fluorocarbons which deci carbons
hard draw fluorocarbons I don't know if
that's better which apparently
contribute more than zero to global
warming and all that stuff so that's
nice change didn't use a ton of the
whole bottle today that's nice too again
there's not a lot of it so you got to
keep track of that but yeah that's
really it
I added a little bit of craft glue where
I needed it just a little I'm not super
positive about newer brands like Elmer's
but that's a that's a that's a reload
for another day it seems like you can
ask the question what difference will
one person make or what difference will
20 people make or what difference will
200 people make but that's not the point
the point is the change has to start
somewhere and I'm asking it to start
with you look I'm not deluded about the
way in which the things I've said about
tried-and-true cosplay methods have been
received big reason why I made this
video at all was because people
complained about the last Facebook post
I promoted on this topic saying I wasn't
offering any alternatives to got to be
and that's false from the beginning from
the start I have most certainly made an
effort to find and offer replacements to
say that I haven't is not true but look
to say the people have been defensive
about this would be an understatement to
say that people have questioned the
point of this message the difference
this message can make whether anyone
else even cares about this message would
be an understatement and I admit I think
there will be a little better off a
little better of a place if more
cosplayers stopped using products that
are made from animal slaughter by
companies that test on animals it seems
reasonable to me that the relationship
between those two things would be linear
less animal cruelty more better place
but I don't know for certain the
magnitude of this change I can't know
that but ultimately I do this I preach
this for another reason for something I
can know by doing this by taking it
seriously by not making this something I
only try for like a 30 day challenge by
making it something that I learn about
and act upon incrementally but
permanently over time that can change
who I am that can change the
a person I am even if I'm the only one
doing it that can that change can it can
be measured it can be measured in hours
of research and knowledge acquired in
actions taken and their number of times
you decide to stand up and be loud
instead of hidden and quiet about this
the change has to start somewhere in
order to get anywhere in 2019 it starts
with me it starts with us I'm Jack save
for effort you're watching cruelty free
cosplay and we're we're back for a time
I think
people say what difference does it make
the difference that it makes is you
homeboy because after you've been doing
this for five years or ten years you've
come to resemble everything you despised
red bull bull horns rednecks late for
pants on trees more on leg length or
supreme head infrared we form like
Voltron we form like Voltron then drop
the ball
whoa too small
[Music]